docs(styles): add Tailwind CSS (#351)
tuono-labs/tuono: apps/documentation/src/routes/documentation/styles/tailwind-css.mdx

Reviewer: > This documents process for Tailwind v4 beta. Tailwind v4 will ship this month according to https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/discussions/13938#discussioncomment-11785562, so do you think it's worth figuring out how to do it with v3 and documenting both?
I'm not an expert of tailwind, but the configuration  looks pretty simple to me:
- install tailwind + vite plugin
- add vite plugin to the config
- add tailwind import

what are the difference between v3 and v4 that may change in this guide (expect the `@next` when running install script)?

Author: - Tailwind becomes a production dependency (with a new vite plugin - no more postcss)
- Breaking change to how tailwind imported in css
```css
/* v4 */
@import "tailwindcss";

/* v3 */
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```
- All tailwind config moves out of `tailwind.config.js` file and into the css file where you `@import "tailwindcss"`
- No need to specify the sources array anymore
- Breaking changes to a small subset of class names

Here is an [article](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/v4-beta#changes-from-v3). For new projects, the main stingers are the config changes - class name changes picked up by IDE.

Reviewer: Gotcha, thanks for the quick explanation and the article.

At the moment `tuono` is pretty new so I would go only with `v4`. 
I think we have more important tasks at hand than documenting various of the various library that can be used with `tuono` 😅

What do you think?

Author: I agree! I'll make it clear on the docs page that this is for v4 only, and I'll make an example in a separate PR.

Reviewer: Since tailwind is pretty popular, how about adding a new template `with-tailwind` inside `examples/*`

Author: Good call, I've made an issue

Author: In fact, should I just handle it in this PR?

Reviewer 2: Better to manage it separately!

Reviewer: #353

import MetaTags from '@/components/MetaTags'

<MetaTags
  title="Tuono - Tailwind CSS"
  canonical="https://tuono.dev/documentation/styles/css-modules"
/>

import Breadcrumbs from '@/components/Breadcrumbs'

<Breadcrumbs breadcrumbs={[{ label: 'Tailwind CSS' }]} />

# Tailwind CSS

[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) is a popular utility-first CSS framework.

## Installation

1. Install Tailwind CSS via your Node.js preferred package manager.

```sh
npm install tailwindcss@next @tailwindcss/vite@next

> ```

Reviewer: Could you please align the code snippets of this section with their corresponding item in the numbered list?

<details><summary>Currently their indentation seems off</summary>
<p>

<img width="760" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ca1edf2-fbf7-447a-9fd5-c2fe2dc30717" />

</p>
</details>

> [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) is a popular utility-first CSS framework. Tuono currently only supports Tailwind CSS v4, which will ship to production [later this month](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/discussions/13938#discussioncomment-11785562).

Reviewer 2: I think a less negative wording is better! 😄 

```suggestion
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) is a popular utility-first CSS framework. Tuono supports starts from Tailwind CSS v4.
```

import MetaTags from '@/components/MetaTags'

<MetaTags
  title="Tuono - Tailwind CSS"
  canonical="https://tuono.dev/documentation/styles/css-modules"
/>

import Breadcrumbs from '@/components/Breadcrumbs'

<Breadcrumbs breadcrumbs={[{ label: 'Tailwind CSS' }]} />

# Tailwind CSS

> Tailwind CSS is a popular utility-first CSS framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) is a popular utility-first CSS framework.
```

> ## Installing Tailwind

Reviewer: Instead of using heading, I would prefer a numbered list since it's a setup guide.
Something similar can be found on: https://tuono.dev/documentation/contributing/local-development#tuono-development

> Install Tailwind CSS from npm with your preferred package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Tailwind CSS via your Node.js preferred package manager.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\```sh
```

> npm install tailwindcss@next @tailwindcss/vite@next

Reviewer: tailwind is dev dependency

```suggestion
npm install --save-dev tailwindcss@next @tailwindcss/vite@next
```

Author: In v4 tailwind moves to being a production dependency I think (from [article](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/v4-beta#installing-with-vite)).

Reviewer: To me is strange to install a vite plugin among `dependencies`,
but the official docs doesn't have `--save-dev` argument so let's follow it.

```

Next, add the Tailwind CSS vite plugin to `tuono.config.ts`, as seen in the example below:

```ts
import type { TuonoConfig } from 'tuono/config'
import tailwindcss from '@tailwindcss/vite'

const config: TuonoConfig = {
  vite: {
    plugins: [tailwindcss()],
  },
}

export default config
```

## Importing Styles

Next, you will need to add the Tailwind CSS directives to `src/styles/global.css`.

```css
@import 'tailwindcss';
```

## Usage

Tailwind CSS is ready to go! You can now start using utility classes anywhere in your app.

```
export default function Example() {
  return <h1 className="text-6xl font-bold">Tuono + Tailwind CSS!</h1>

> }

Reviewer: This snippet is missing the language (`ts`) and it is not properly formatted.
